Alibaba's new AI just shocked the world.
So, Alibaba just dropped a free AI model
with a 1 million token context window,
and the AI world is paying attention.
It's called Qwen 3.6 Plus. It's live on
OpenRouter for free right now. And
during this preview period, it costs you
nothing. Zero input, zero output,
completely free. So, let me put that
into context for you. Claude Opus
charges $5 per million input tokens and
$25 per million output tokens for Claude
Opus 4.6. It gives you 200,000 tokens of
context. Now, you've also got GPT 5.4,
which also charges for a 1 million token
context window. And then you've got Qwen
3.6 Plus, which just handed that same
million token context window away for
free. So, if you run a business and you
use AI tools every single day, this
matters a lot because this isn't just
about price. This is about what becomes
possible when the cost of running a
powerful AI model drops to zero. Bear in
mind, you can plug this in for free
directly into OpenClaw. Or you can plug
it in for free into Hermes Agent. Or
just plug it into your automations for
free right now with the API on
OpenRouter. The main thing is, think
about this for a second. 1 million
tokens means you can feed this thing an
entire book, a full year of customer
emails, every product description in
your store, every blog post you've ever
written all at once, and it can reason
across it all. And that's not something
most businesses have been able to do
cheaply until right now. And here's
where it gets even more interesting
because Qwen 3.6 Plus isn't just free,
it's actually good. So, Alibaba says it
performs at or above leading
state-of-the-art models on benchmarks.
It excels in agentic behavior, front-end
and back-end development, and also
complex problem-solving. It's built on a
new hybrid architecture that makes it
faster and more efficient than the
previous Qwen 3.5 series. And early
testers are reporting strong stability
in tool calling and UI generation. Tool
calling is really important, by the way,
if you're using AI agents like, for
example, OpenClaw and that sort of thing
because they use a lot of tools and they
have to be able to coordinate between
them all. Now, people who have tried it
are also saying the interface is the
most polished they've ever seen from a
Qwen model. If you go directly to their
website, and it reasons. So, it actually
shows you it's thinking before it gives
you an answer. You can see its
step-by-step logic. That's important if
you're using AI to make real business
decisions cuz you want to know why it
said what it said. Now, one catch you
need to know. During this free preview
period, Alibaba is collecting your
prompts and your completions, right?
They may use that data to improve the
model. So, don't put anything sensitive
in there that you wouldn't want to show
publicly. If you're testing it, test it
with general stuff. Don't feed it
private client data or anything you
wouldn't want to share. But for learning
what it can do, for figuring out how to
use on your workflow, go nuts. It's
free, right? And if you want to actually
get results with tools like Qwen 3.6
Plus, not just play around with it, but
build real workflows that get you more
clients and customers, the link is in
the comments and description for the AI
Profit Boardroom. Inside there, we've
got 2,700 business owners right now
learning how to use AI models like Qwen
3.6 to automate their outreach, build
content at scale, and save hours every
single week with automating their
business. We've got daily step-by-step
tutorials on actually how to make the
most out of tools like Qwen, 30-day
roadmaps, and coaching calls four times
a week. Jump in and we'll show you
exactly how to put a model like this to
work for you in your business. So, why
does Alibaba keep releasing this? Why do
they keep releasing powerful models and
then giving them away for free? Simple.
Chinese AI companies are playing a very
different game. Alibaba isn't trying to
make money from you paying per token
today. They're trying to get their
models into the hands of as many
developers and businesses as possible.
They want Qwen to become the default
choice, the thing people build on, the
thing people trust. And it's actually
working. The Qwen series has gone from
like a Chinese model that some Western
users barely knew about to something
that people actively compare against
Claude and GPT on benchmarks. That's a
real shift, and that happened fast. The
previous Qwen 3.5 series was already
strong. It had a 1 million token context
window on the plus version, a hybrid
architecture that mixed linear attention
with a sparse mixture of expert models,
which basically meant that it could do a
lot more of a lot less compute. And Qwen
3.5 Flash was reportedly around six
times faster than Claude 4.6 Sonnet on
response time in some tests. Qwen 3.6
actually goes further, better reasoning,
more reliable agentic behavior, stronger
performance on the kind of tasks that
actually matter for building automated
workflows. Here's a practical example of
what this actually opens up. So, an
e-commerce operator could take their
entire product catalog, all 500
products, all the descriptions, all the
reviews, paste it into Qwen 3.6 Plus,
and ask it to find the top 10 cross-sell
opportunities they're missing in one
single go. A freelancer running a
content business could feed it six
months of blog posts and ask it to build
a content calendar, spot all the gaps,
and write new angles all from the same
context window. And, you know, if you
were a content creator, well, you could
plug this into something like OpenClaw,
get it scan your competitors, see what
content is viral and trending from your
competitors, and then ask it to rewrite
or create scripts for a similar piece of
content for your business with a CTA to
your business as well. And that could be
running 24/7 inside OpenClaw or Hermes.
We've got tons of training in the AI
Profit Boardroom on exactly how to do
it. But the 1 million token context
window makes all of this possible in a
single prompt, and right now it's free
to try. Now, let's talk about where this
sits in the bigger picture. We are in a
moment where the price of AI capability
is collapsing. A year ago, getting
frontier-level AI reasoning cost serious
money. You had Claude Opus, GPT-4, the
big models. They weren't cheap last
year, right? You paid for every token.
In 2026, the story has changed. So, for
example, Gemini 3.1 Pro is giving you
near Opus performance at like $2 per
million input tokens. You've got MiniMax
M2.7, which is hitting similar
benchmarks, and that is way, way cheaper
than anything like Claude Opus. And now
Alibaba is running a zero-dollar preview
of a flagship model. So, the floor keeps
dropping. And what that means for you is
if you run a business, that excuse of AI
is too expensive is disappearing, right?
The tools are getting good enough, fast
enough, cheap enough that not using them
is a real expensive choice, right? The
businesses figure out how to build AI
into their daily operations right now
are the ones that are going to be more
efficient, more productive, and more
competitive in 12 months than the ones
sitting on the sidelines. Qwen 3.6 Plus
is a free entry point for you to use
right now. You have zero reasons not to
try it today. There's also one more
thing paying attention to with Qwen 3.6
Plus, and that's what Alibaba is
building around it. At the same time as
this launch, they've also been showing
off Qwen 3.5 Omni, a multimodal version
of the model that can handle video,
images, audio, not just text. So, demos
of that have been circulating, and
people are impressed. And the pattern is
clear here. Alibaba releases a text-only
flagship, gets it into people's hands
for free, then follows up with
multimodal capabilities. They're
building an ecosystem, not just
releasing a model. And that matters
because the AI tools that you use in 2
years are going to be multimodal by
default, right? It would be crazy not
to. So, text, images, videos, voice, all
in one single AI model. The companies
getting users onto their models now are
positioning themselves for when that
full version drops. You know, when
you've got that full version of Jarvis
that you can talk to and then speak to
and then it deploys and it codes and
you're speaking to it in real time and
then it creates videos for you or looks
at your screen in live, right? That sort
of stuff is coming, and it's honestly
not too far off. If you look at the
growth and trajectory of tools like
OpenClaw, the growth and trajectory of
tools like Hermes, etc. So, if Qwen 3.6
Plus impresses you today with text, pay
attention to what's coming next. Open
source is the other angle here. So,
early users are asking Alibaba to
release the model weights, meaning the
actual model file that you could
download and run yourself on your own
machine with no data going anywhere.
Alibaba hasn't confirmed that yet, but
they've always released Qwen models open
source. So, for example, you've got
stuff like Qwen 3.5 that was running in
Hugging Face, Ollama, and there were
many different versions of that,
actually. So, they had really
lightweight models and really powerful
models depending on what hardware you
want. They had a model for pretty much
every sort of range of that. And the
pressure from the community is real. If
they do release open weights, this
becomes something a lot more powerful
because then businesses can run it
privately on their own servers with full
control over their data. So, watch this
space because if open weights drop, this
story gets a lot bigger. Now, what
should you actually do right now? If you
go to OpenRouter, you search for Qwen
3.6 Plus preview, start testing it. Give
it something real to work on, a big
document, a complex task, something that
would normally require you to sit down
for a few hours, and then just see what
it does. Pay attention to the tool
calling behavior, how it handles
multi-step tasks, whether it reasons
well out loud, how stable it is when you
ask it to do something with moving
parts. Even if you implement it directly
inside OpenClaw or Hermes, see how it
performs, right? Try testing it with
different APIs and seeing if it's good
and actually useful when it comes to
tools. And start thinking about where a
1 million token context window actually
changes your workflows because if you
can give it more knowledge and you can
use it for free, how much more powerful
do your workflows become, right? So,
what could you feed it that you've never
been able to feed on AI before? That's
the real question. And if you want
coaching on exactly how to integrate
models like Quinn 3.6 plus into your
business, how to build automations, how
to set up workflows, how to create AI
agents that running for you 24/7,
uh that actually save you time and bring
in more clients or generate more
customers, click the link in the
description and come join us in the AI
Profit Bootcamp. We've got four weekly
coaching calls every week, daily
tutorials, 30-day road maps built around
real business use cases, and 2,700
members who are using AI tools like this
one every single day. And there are
people in there right now building the
exact kind of workflows you're talking
about. So, you can DM them, meet up with
them locally, and get help around the
clock. If you want to actually move
faster this, that's where you want to
be. Link in the comments description or
go to the AI profitbootcamp.com, and
I'll see you inside. Thanks for
watching.